Piano Tiles, Music Hop by 3 Cookers Game Studio

Terms of Service

Here you can find policies and terms governing your use of products and services provided while using applications by 3 Cookers Game Studio.

These Terms of Service ("ToS") constitute a legal agreement between the user of our products and services ("user" or "you") and the Company. It applies when a user accesses, uses or visits our website, the associated mobile application available for download in the Google Play Store and other third party app stores, or pre-installed on third party devices (the "App"), and/or the services provided through the Site and the App. In these ToS, the term "Service" means and includes the Site, the App and these services, individually or collectively.

We prepared these TOS to help explain the terms that apply to your use of the Service.

Consent :

By visiting the Site, downloading the App, or otherwise using the Service, you indicate your agreement to be bound by these ToS. If you do not agree with these ToS, you must not use the Service, and uninstall the App if you have already downloaded it.

Privacy Policy :

Our Privacy Policy, located at PrivacyPolicy , is part of and is governed by these TOS. By agreeing to these TOS, you agree to be bound by the terms of the Privacy Policy and agree that we may use information collected from you in accordance with its terms.

Notice Regarding Dispute Resolution :

These TOS contain provisions that govern how claims you and we may have against each other are resolved, including an agreement and obligation to arbitrate disputes, which, subject to limited exceptions, will require you to submit claims you have against us to binding arbitration, unless you opt-out of arbitration as described below. If you do not opt-out of arbitration, you will only be permitted to pursue claims and seek relief against us on an individual basis, not as part of any class or representative action or proceeding.

Updates to these ToS :

We may modify these ToS from time to time. We will notify you of material changes in accordance with applicable laws. If you do not agree with the proposed changes, you should discontinue your use of the Service and uninstall the App. If you continue using the Service after the new terms take effect, you will be bound by the modified TOS.

Affirmative Representations :

When you use the Service, you represent that :

- your use of the Service does not violate any applicable law or regulation.

- you are 13 years of age or older and you are of sufficient legal age or otherwise have legal capacity to legally enter into these TOS.

Prerequisites and Activation :

- In order to use the Service, you must first agree to be bound by the terms of these ToS and our Privacy Policy.

- In order to be able to activate the App, you may need to agree to allow the App to have access to the following information and features located on the users device:

Device and Application History

Identity

Photos and media files

Camera, microphone

Wi-Fi Connections

Device ID and Call Information.

Terms of Subscription:

VIP membership:

7-day VIP Service includes following products WEEKLY:

- No Pop-Up ADs

- Unlock all Songs

- Unlock all skins

- VIP Exclusive Skins & Songs

- Cancel anytime

End of trial and subscription renewal

This price is established for United States customers. Pricing in other countries may vary and actual charges may be converted to your local currency depending on the country of residence.

Payment will be charged to your iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase.

Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period.

Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period, and identify the cost of the renewal.

Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user's Account Settings after purchase.

Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription to that publication, where applicable.

Canceling trial or subscription
You can turn off the auto-renew for the subscription whenever you want to through iTunes. Check https://support.apple.com/HT202039 . When your current trial/subscription period expires, you will be unsubscribed. The current active subscription period can not be cancelled. When your subscription expires, you will no longer be able to use elements included in Subscription option.

Copyright Policy :

Any person who believes that any content available on or through the Service infringes on that persons copyrights, may submit a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act to us at contact@potatogamesstudio.com and include the following information:

A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner or an agent of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Identification of the copyright claimed to have been infringed.

Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing, and where it is located in the App or Service.

Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you.

A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.

A statement, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information is accurate, and that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on behalf of the owner.

If any producer or label has an issue with any of the music used in the game, please send email to us and it will be deleted immediately if necessary (this includes the images used).

How to Contact Us

If you have any questions about these ToS, please contact us as follows:

1. Open the Google Play/Apple App Store;

2. Browse or search the app you're using;

3. Tap the app to open the detailed page;

4. Scroll down to review the contact information listed.

Last Edited : Apr 6, 2023